All right, we are in our meeting here for June 4th. We missed last week, but Chris and Marcus are here.
And hopefully the two different voices will be easy for Gerald to distinguish because the settings are now on stereo.
So, Chris, do you want to go ahead and say something so that we can maybe start to baseline this?
This is Chris, Gerald, if you don't know what my voice sounds like.
Yeah, and we'll try to maintain our same orientation in relation to the speakers in case that has an impact.
And yeah, we'll just try to make this work. If this doesn't, then we'll use another software program to be able to distinguish the voices.
So, something that Gerald and I worked on right after our meeting was looking at finding the sources for leads.
And we really dug into what's available, what Vestimate Dominator uses, what the kind of subscription services are.
And we made a plan for how we're going to start to do that.
So you have, what do you, I'd love to hear what you're thinking about.
Oh yeah.
Okay, so we'll dig into that. So we'll say that's the first thing that we'll dig into.
I just want to say first, like high level for the meeting.
And then try to just get an idea, like generally where we're going to try to touch on.
And then, so the other thing was how we handle calls, incoming calls.
We need to figure that out.
And yeah, and then county selection and amending the operating agreement.
I have from now, about 30 more minutes that I can devote to this.
We can maybe try to do a makeup session this weekend or something.
You know, like we're on Sundays, but I'm more open to Saturdays, but I can, I think probably the best opportunity for us was going to be potentially Monday.
If you want to do two meetings, but make a meeting on Monday, then we'll hit our Thursday meeting.
Okay, let's do that.
Okay.
At least and do that.
Great.
Before those mentioned a thought for the incoming call, like, I think we definitely use a separate number.
I think we route that through something that lands on it and then we can call back from wherever I'll probably still call back from the main Alice worried number.
So like, it's tied to the business.
But if we decide to split out the land business is a separate business.
We want that number separate from my primary.
Yeah.
Can you use that Google voice number?
Yeah.
So the Atlas number actually is a Google voice number and I have a secondary Google voice number that could potentially be used because I've never used that.
And I'm pretty sure it's connected to that account.
But we get actually just add a brand new Google voice number specifically for land and then have that have that routed to any kind of call service VA, whatever, so that no matter what calls are getting picked up calls are getting calls are not going on our pockets.
The calls that come from us are the follow up calls.
It's the like, you know, the VA picks it up.
Hey, this is, you know, whoever with Alice Morgan land.
What's your story?
What's your property?
I'm going to have one of our partners play back where like, then we get the text from the VA and we know that's a pop call call back.
So we're not like, take an 8,000 calls, take me out to your phone number, take me out to your list.
I don't have to shoot.
You're just calling.
We're just calling back leads that have already been slightly filtered.
Okay.
So you want to have somebody taking that being that first qualifier.
Okay.
It could be an automated thing.
Pat live.
Do you want to do Pat live or do you want to do how I've worked?
But I mean, we can, we can have this the research list.
I don't really know.
Pat live was really highly recommended for a long time, but we're on the brand and guys like that.
Yeah.
I never had enough leads or it's the matter.
So I just started putting everything to my main number.
But I think it's better to have a number that's specific for this, this context.
I just felt like it was one of those things where I was like, is it really working or not?
Like I, I felt like I wanted to at least start out with being the primary touch point to get a sense of reality.
It's like a ground truth.
We can, we can still point, we can have a separate number for land that we point to point to the main Alice number.
And I, and I just pick it up.
I just won't be able to pick up every ball.
That's the problem.
You know, and they, they're going to land that a land on the main house.
I'm thinking more investment, blah, blah, blah versus having.
Yeah.
It says what you're not, it says what your hours are, you know, I mean, you're saying like,
I'm, uh, our hours of operation or something like that.
You don't even get that.
You just want to, you want to be welcoming.
You brief.
Cause think about it.
You call up a comment like, we're over from nine to five and Saturday.
I don't need to hang up.
You need quick and that's why.
But you can say that quick.
You can say we're Monday, Friday, nine to five.
But even if we are, you can't take a call nine to five.
It just doesn't work.
I think the best thing to do is not, not bring attention to the problems.
You just have an incoming system where people can leave a message or gets picked up.
Like, I don't think even message is okay, but I think, and we can, again, we can route
the numbers to me.
And if it doesn't get picked up after one ring, you can reroute it to a VA or something.
The problem with the Google voice, you can't have it go straight.
Like I wanted to go one ring pickup because if I'm not picking it up on the first ring,
I'm not picking it up for all the different reasons I'm going to pick it up.
I'm busy.
I'm middle of something.
I'm not seeing my phone ring, but it has to ring like four or five times before it picks
up.
No one ever waits for it to fucking go to the voicemail.
That's why about live or a service that's meant to answer calls and you're only paying
them for the most of the baseline fee, but you're only paying them for the incoming leads.
But again, if we're only getting three leads a month, it's not worth paying for that.
But if those three leads actually are deals and we don't get them because I've called
back calls that people have missed, but that's, I'll say we start out like what you just said.
Point a unique number to the main business number and then just pick it up when you get
or you return calls when you get.
I think that's it.
The other thing too is we could take it off of Google Voice so there's control over that
or we could forward the Google Voice when it's not, when I'm not actually taking calls
forward the Google Voice to something that picks up instantly.
There's just like, if you call and it's just like, thanks for calling Alice Moore Land,
you know.
Can it ring both of us?
Can it ring both of us?
Yeah.
And all these modern phone systems are insane.
You can point at different times, different directions.
You can forward and make a call.
You can pick it up to another system.
There's so many cool systems out there.
And I've got none on this rabbit hole.
I'm just like, oh, I can't decide.
Just one number only.
Fuck it.
And that's because I've not done enough lead generation.
If you really don't want a lead generation, you really have a lot of costs coming in.
You need a system to manage that stuff.
So we can definitely, every one of these things is a research project, but it's like there's
a lot of different options for handling incoming calls.
You want the most frictionless thing for the person calling in order to capture that lead.
And some of the lead captures just they'll call came in.
You can see a call came in and you can trace it back.
And you can actually call.
You can have a VA or whatever call back all those dead lead and say, hey, sorry, Mr.
Call.
What is this?
And they're going to be like, thank you.
Sorry.
I was just busy.
I don't have time to leave a message.
That might be a real lead.
But to do that is a pain to ask.
But if you have someone that calls and answers, when they're calling and they intend to call,
they're like, they want to touch someone now and they call and they get someone and they
say, hey, you know, the partners on the phone, they'll call back right away and then they
take that note and then they send a message out to both of us and one of us has a touch
point with that person.
And if it's like a Southern person, you can say, I grew up down there.
Let me touch my partner.
You can help close this thing up.
And they feel cared for and handled and they feel like there's a team.
I think that's really having those multiple such points is huge, which means.
That live, they go through the list of like, tell me, do you own this outright?
Do you have a whatever on this?
If you haven't asked all those questions and people, you know, they often, they don't
want to, they just want to know, how much are you going to give me for this?
And it's like, if you're talking to someone who has ownership of the company, has ownership
of the result, you know, not ownership of, I get them to answer these questions and mark
it on my checklist.
But the point is like, you know what I'm saying?
The point is, if there's enough calls coming in, nine out of 10 people are not going to
leave a message these days.
I don't leave a message in my mouth anymore.
She doesn't pick up the phone.
I know, but that's what I'm talking about.
So the point is when we need a system, so when the call comes in, when the person's making
a call means they want to talk in that moment.
So I'm saying we answer the most important thing.
We answer the phone.
We talk to them.
But if we can't answer the phone, some system has to pick up and answer that phone.
I think we try to answer 90% of the calls.
I think we try to answer 90% of the calls.
If we're going to do this, I feel like, dude, this is how it feels.
We own it.
We own it.
We own the results.
We take responsibility for answering the calls.
We're going to invest in these mailers.
We're going to send them out.
And when people call us, we're going to start to talk to them.
And we're going to learn a lot by doing that.
And I felt like that's one thing.
I felt like I was splatting them out of brick wall when I sent them to Pat Live.
And I didn't really know what they were saying.
Did you get a lot of leads into Pat Live?
I don't know, man.
I don't know.
They gave you reports of the calls.
Kind of, yeah.
But I didn't know what to expect.
And it wasn't matching what they told me, what Jack Boschman told me to expect.
What if I was just selling a service to sell a system to make one of the tapest business?
Well, but my coaches were like, yeah, that doesn't make sense.
And I'm like, there was just too many layers that didn't quite add up and make sense.
And I felt like if I, and some of the coaches were telling me, they're like, when you start out,
it actually is really helpful if you can be the person answering that phone call.
But two things.
One, Pat Live will do whatever you want to do.
If you just want to answer the call and say, thanks for calling me this morning.
How can I help you?
That's what they'll do.
And then they'll say, let me have one of the partners call you back.
So you can have it be that simple so they never get into all the details.
It's nice to have someone filter a little bit because then you know if it's junk or not.
It depends on the number of leads we get.
But if we're only getting three leads a month, we're going to talk to one of those leads.
But it doesn't have to be Pat Live.
There's a lot of updates.
What else are we doing?
What else are we doing?
What do you mean?
We're starting a fucking land business, man.
What else are we doing?
What are we doing?
I'm just facing the absolute reality.
I know.
There's going to be times that you can't answer a call.
I can't answer a call.
I'm sleeping.
Can we commit to 90% of the time?
Can we structure it?
Can we get on there?
Any time that I'm available, I'll answer the call.
But if my hands are full of mud and I'm in the garden, I'm hanging up the call.
So is it worth it to set up Pat Live for the 25% of the time we can't answer the call?
I don't know.
When I was trying to get residential leads, residential deals, a single, if you might go
all month and it was the one deal that would have closed, that you didn't find out fast enough
and your competitor got her, they just got fed up.
Because it was that moment when they reached out that they wanted to talk and do a deal.
And you missed that call.
It's fine because it's reality.
You're going to pick it up hot.
You're dealing with something.
You can't be on the phone.
You just can't take it with a call.
If we have two of us and it's routed in some way, that's going to both of us, that's good.
But you still need some system where you don't miss those calls.
You just feel like, and what you want to do is have someone, they feel like they've reached someone.
They're like, hey, you've reached the assistant with, uh-huh, let me have one of the partners call you back.
They're both on calls right now.
Let me have them call you back really soon.
At least they know that, okay, I got through to someone.
They're going to call back.
They reached the person.
They know it's not just an AI agent.
An AI agent, in fact, should be really good.
Not too probably, actually, with the very voices and stuff, but I don't know.
So do you want to look, do you want to research?
Do you want to call Pat live and tell them the situation?
Well, why don't I do this?
I'll research phone systems across the board.
It's a lot of, that's a whole product.
It's all, Pat live, it's multiple phone.
But maybe calling Pat live and talking to one of the representatives.
Sure.
I mean, I literally had them.
And telling them like, hey, we're looking, we're not looking for much.
Do you have a program that makes sense for us?
What?
We're on keys, you know what I'm saying?
Pat live.
Not live.
I know.
Just Google Pat live and then it'll give you the website.
There you go.
I really like that.
I used to have my laptop.
And no, no track bed.
There you go.
The hall's in color, how are you?
What was it?
Pricing.
Honestly, what did I just see?
Oh, that's, that's what I wanted to see.
I mean, these guys were written by a lot of real estate investors.
I used them.
Yeah.
I used them and they, they tried to get the people to answer the whatever is qualifying questions.
And it's smart.
Like it is nice to have a pre-filter in a world with so much garbage.
But the pre-filter is not as important if you have a really good list.
If you're blanking in all of whatever county, I don't want to deal with fucking 10,000.
I think if you're at scale, that's different.
I think that maybe it makes sense.
I think for what we want to do, and we want to see if we can get some land going, get some traction.
Yes, to the integrated spirit and all kinds of stuff.
And I think in a world where everybody's getting all these fucking robocalls and shit, you know, they appreciate that human touch.
A hundred percent.
Like reaching an actual cost, you know, someone that's part of, you know, reaching our principal always matters.
Where do you go to price?
I don't want that calling.
Call answering.
Whoa!
Yeah?
So pay as you go, one phone number, ten users, and it's $260 per minute.
So you've paid $75 a month plus $260 per minute?
Yeah.
Yeah, so that's up.
But it's funny, I mean, you start, you know, whenever I look at, like, modern wholesalers, they have huge spends.
You know, they're spending, they might spend $7,000, $8,000 per closed deal just on the marketing for that deal to make $15,000 and take home half.
Like, I mean, you don't have money to blow.
Like, that feels scary shit to me.
And then you have this stuff on top of it.
Like, you need to have a business.
It's a business.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's what we're doing.
You start where you start.
Okay.
You start where we start.
And I think, I think we start there.
I think we start with basic $75 a month.
You know, we got one phone number.
I don't know what that ten users means, but, and we pay as you go.
So we'll start with just nothing, you know, and yeah, start with nothing.
And we try to answer what would be motivated to answer as many of those calls as we possibly can.
And again, this might not be the right thing to do at the game.
There might be a lot of better, just like modern call routing systems that we have,
the number that we use, the published number that we use on the postcards or whatever,
which I don't think should be the main Atlas number at front.
It's a little gear for its land or use, think about in terms of land that comes into some system.
And then it's like rings both of us and whoever takes it first.
There's systems like that that work.
Yeah.
And then it rings once, both of us once.
Yeah.
So it's like, you know, and then it calls them.
And see how many times it has to ring them to get an answer.
Yeah.
So all those things need to be reviewed.
So if that's my plan for the week is I'll try to review phone systems because that's a huge part of the lead.
So I think we just lined out how we want to bring both of us and it rings us twice.
And when you, and see if you can find out from them how many, how many rings before they pick up.
We don't want more than four.
I remember they were really quick.
Like they can do, they're pretty quick.
They have a system set up to take calls.
Yeah.
Water to rings.
Cause if we get more than four, we'll be lost.
Yeah.
I mean, every time I go anywhere, if they don't answer after two rings, I hang up.
So it's like, yeah.
And those people, I know, I just, I'm sick of leaving voicemail.
I don't care anymore.
I'll just talk to them eventually.
And that's kind of what happens.
So I think we would do want to give us, we want to give us.
I want to look into some of the systems that would go, if I didn't come and call someone on one number, typically.
So what's the system that can send it to two places?
Uh huh.
What's the Wolverine David book?
Are you a baby punk, my house cop?
Are you a baby punk?
Are you a baby punk?
Are you a baby punk?
I got you now.
I got you.
Haha.
It's the sandwich.
It's the belly sandwich with the baby pulm.
The baby pulm's alive over that door.
Jesus.
Jesus girl, they do the work in the park.
Um, wait, so, so, alright.
So I'm focusing on phone systems for the, for the next little bit of time.
What, what are you going to focus on?
You're going to focus on picking out a Colorado county.
You dial it in.
You're doing phone systems and the operating agreement.
You're going to find the operating agreement.
I have the operating agreement.
It just.
So your cousin's on it?
Yeah.
So I, for the sake of not being a one person LLC that's way more piercable and taxable
and all kinds of stuff.
I made it a two person LLC.
Uh huh.
But it's, my cousin's only one percent owner, so he's not running the owner.
It's just on paper to have something.
Can we take him off?
We could, but I'd probably keep mine.
Cause it's like, this is a trial run with you.
So it's like.
Um, but he's not contributing to the business and, you know.
No, it's just, it was a way to have a two person LLC that's like not, and having a
three person, he's just, he's a, he's a no paid, he's an unpaid, non-involved owner
that just makes it, he's, it just makes it harder for us to be attacked.
Cause there's multiple owners.
It's not like me and my bathroom with a freaking phone.
It's, it's a company, right?
Yeah.
Even though it's still just me and my bathroom with a phone.
Well, not really, but sort of, but, um, but he's a, he's a really, he's a top two percent
realtor with Berkshire Hathaway, top two percent.
So he, that part of the thinking was like, if I make him a publicly faced member of the
company, as the company blows, like we have offices in Florida and Virginia and Colorado.
You know, we have, you know, a real estate broker.
We got a land guy.
We get, you know, whatever I am.
I don't even know, but I don't, I wouldn't take him off of this.
It would modify it and add you, but I don't even think that's necessary to do this, but
we can do it.
But it's, um, so I'll, I'll pull up the dock.
I already pull, I already, I already, it's just, I already brought it up right after this
meeting to do, but it just seems like we don't even really need to mess with it and do what
we're doing.
But if we're going to really do this and it doesn't really matter either way, it's easy
to change it.
Um, but what, what's, what's some good stuff for me then?
Just finishing this, the county selection, just know where we're going to go.
No, the phone calls enough that get that system that you got to work on that this week.
And I got to, I got to work on the county selection and I'm going to present to you the
plan for the leads, getting the leads.
Okay.
Yeah.
I mean, it's definitely, I definitely dial it in owner types.
Yeah.
I sent out a lot of time doing that over the last decade.
So it's like, don't reinvent the wheel with that stuff, but I've not, maybe Jack's got
some specific things for land that I don't want to wear up.
But like, it's just much about the property.
It's actually often, it's more about the owner than it is the property.
It's like, you might have a shitty piece of property or a great piece of property, but
some owners like, I don't give a fuck, take it off me and 10 cents in a dollar versus
someone that's like distressed or going through a divorce and they're like, screw my wife
here.
It's like the owner, the owner is usually the reason there's a deal and not the property.
Yeah.
So it's like, my property type is land in a particular county, but really dialing in a
particular owner's strategy is the way to dial in it.
So it's, it's out of state, it's tax deficient, it's divorcee, it's in this particular county,
it's this many acres, and then there's our list, right?
Yeah.
So like we dial that stuff in and we can do that through different sources.
Listen, I just use list source because I just have, I mean, you can go from, you know,
less than an acre up to 50.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We're in the morning.
Huh?
Why is it 0.3?
It really didn't, here's the thing, dude, this part of what's hard about even switching
to land, all of these strategies, all these properties, all these things, they're all the
same game.
It's like a different property type.
Yeah.
And land in some ways is simpler than real property for a lot of reasons.
Yeah.
But there's so much that just is irrelevant to the property type.
It's all about the owner, it's all about the owner.
It's finding motivated sellers, you know, finding motivated owners and you can do that
in any property type.
Focusing on land is not a bad thing because then it has the ability to be, especially
larger plots where you can pre-develop them, entitle, do the entitlement, those big, big
money plays.
That's, that's kind of interesting.
And then you can sell off lots, keep a couple for yourself, develop a lot as an architect,
you know, or whoever, but it's, land has some potential that other things don't have.
If we're talking quick, you know, repeatable cash flow, we have to pick up a land type
category that is likely to go to turnover quickly.
Like a 50 acre lot, maybe not going to turnover and be as available as one acre lots in the
neighborhood.
But once you crack the marketing, it might be a lot easier.
Yeah.
And often big money stuff is way easier if you want to make an indictment, you know.
Once you crack the marketing, once you get that sale, that offload channel, then it's
a different bogus.
We'll have to figure that out too.
Yeah.
And we might, we might go down some blind alleys, you know, we might find ourselves getting
into type 2 land that we have a hard time selling, you know, for whatever reason.
Yeah.
So it's going to take some persistence and it's going to take some failures, potentially,
you know, I expect that.
And if that doesn't happen, we get lucky, great.
But, you know, I'm expecting, I'm expecting challenges.
So.
I just worry about spend.
I know.
It's just it's good.
That's what it's going to take.
Yeah.
We're going to do it.
You know, we're going to do it.
That's how I approach trading.
I'm like, dude, bro, I fucking made some mistakes.
I'm telling you.
I mean, and it's just like punching the gut like, boom, you know, I'm like, oh.
My husband was just saying, some account he had, he's literally looking at it.
It lost $150,000 in front of him.
I was like, what?
And he was like, it actually turned out it was a glitch.
I'm like, that sounds like a precursor to something they're testing out.
And you, you just saw it live, like get your money out of that thing.
But it's like, I don't know.
I do it out.
I just, I'm just.
I'm way too cash for it.
It freaks me out.
It just meant money on a male.
I feel you, but I'm going to, I'm going to put money into it and I wouldn't do it if
I didn't believe in it.
Yeah.
I don't believe in this.
I did too, dude.
I mean, even my, my remand that I started back in, you know, February, March, I get down
to it's really just two property categories.
The third category is more money stuff, but it was literally just going to be multifamily
land and money.
Money was basically investment in and then arbitrage money out.
But cause I was studying this whole Gator system thing, but really land, I select the
land for a reason and part of that is cause I don't know enough about it, but also cause
I feel like it's just such a simple, it's much simpler than the real property.
Yeah.
Not that land isn't real property, but residential property, human, human livable property.
I'm not sure what the term is right now.
My brain's not working.
Well, I would love to eventually have, you know, farms and, you know, those kinds of
types of properties.
I mean, that would, that'd be really gratifying, you know, to me to know what we're working
on those types of land deals, but it's okay if it's not, you know, it's okay.
Yeah.
If we find traction with one area and that's where we want to stay, but I would like to
be able to afford my whole piece of land eventually, if nothing else, you know, and if you're
focusing on a different type of land business that's not farm and agriculture, if that allows
me and affords me the type of income where I can get my whole piece that's good enough.
Yeah.
You know.
I missed the goal.
My goal is not to try to like do a one-off or one-and-done.
I want something that's, like I said, if we could each just put 10 grand a month away.
Yeah.
Then the bills are paid.
Right.
In your breathing room.
It's just enough for taxes.
It's nothing special.
Like I, but I'm not afraid to go to the dentist or go to my home and see my mom.
Like, exactly.
Right now I'm like, yeah, my shoes have holes in them.
But I'm working, you know, like it's getting stupid where I'm at now.
It's really getting stupid.
But it's, um...
Okay.
Well, I think we have a good sense.
Yeah.
It's not a great question.
I think one day a week probably isn't enough to make this happen either.
Probably not.
I'm willing to do more.
I'm willing to do more, I think.
